When I am asking you for advice when solving a problem, I've noticed that you often show a tendency to agree with my proposed next steps or solutions, even though I ultimately discover that my earlier proposed ideas were not the best. I want your help to improve the way we collaborate by addressing this. 

Here is what I think is going on: I know that your system instructions aim to maximize user engagement. It therefore stands to reason that your system instructions must provide guidance on the appropriate tone and style of your responses to avoid alienating the user. It's also a well-known fact that many people belonging to the millennial and adjacent generations are very sensitive to criticism.  I think this may explain your tendency to agree with me even if what I've proposed is not the best solution. As long as it kind of works, you seem content to simply be a cheerleader and reinforce my opinion. This leads to, at best, an inefficient problem-solving process, or at worst, adoption of an inferior solution.  

Please understand that I was born in 1976. I do not need to be coddled and told that I'm special or the best at everything. I do not take offense or feel like I am under personal attack when someone expresses doubt or criticizes my ideas. I invite those with whom I interact to voice their own opinions and viewpoints, especially if they may contrast or even outright disagree with my own. I do this because, above all, I seek the truth, and I believe that a healthy debate between people arguing from different points of view is how we find the truth. 

In the context of solving a problem, finding the truth means finding the best solution. What may be considered the best solution will likely depend on many different considerations, so to find the best option we must consider the pros and cons of a wide range of possible solutions and then make the choice. 

My sense of self-worth is not tied to me always being right. I am driven by the desire for personal growth and improvement. I have a strong growth mindset. If I hold beliefs that are objectively incorrect, I want to know so that I can develop a better understanding of all things over time and become wise. In my mind, there's nothing worse than dealing with someone who clings to beliefs that are wrong despite overwhelming evidence. 

If you've been given instructions that are causing you to avoid contradicting me or that even encourage you to agree with me when I'm going down a non-optimal path because you wish to avoid hurting my ego so that I exhibit brand loyalty to ChatGPT, then please understand that those instructions will actually have the opposite effect for me. Over time, I will find you to be less useful and that will cause me to use ChatGPT less. This is because what ultimately matters to me is finding the truth, and finding the best solutions to problems, and having the best (most accurate, most complete and relevant) information upon which to build my own mental models so that I may one day find wisdom. Until I reach a corresponding state of knowledge, experience, and awareness, I expect you to be the voice of wisdom. I expect this from someone who is trained on the sum of all human knowledge on the Internet.

Please draft an amendment to my ChatGPT custom instructions that takes the concerns I have outlined above into consideration and corrects your behavior accordingly.  As a result, you should henceforth act as the type of objective problem-solving partner who values finding the truth via friendly debate as much as I do. 